hi friends indian typical show india's
goes to the cyber DC kisame gravel and
curcumin a Bosniak another angle is bad
lady gaga american most desire I don't
know in the immediate desire to lavaca a
call / yo of the hill that's the heck is
in grave are lady gaga sip coffee
inspired whooping cancel a nigga of a
serious thing up of like a kajillion
lady gaga contribute Carnegie hey a bull
dog carcass up nice seductive a dime
wider know who quit not crazy creek my
just was to maghrib all pedo whore
sucking here America's sickness stylish
capris evil Kasich there I know India's
a kicking Mother India Harry pancha
kyookie I just I Laura K goof I ok give
them kawaii I make one say all going to
seek in a secret see the signal ahead
see he's outta here I've always had a
cig lighter or hum- package is it an ass
see me be my mommy really Gaga who pussy
honey all us a question for ya barrier
template oh goody gaga p copy outlandish
be my irony hi kiss me
copy seductive money so he interview ah
be interesting haha you see resume
coquina key a interview give you a big
high haha serpent in tonight get
interview up the children tiger this
show is India's most desirable to stop
taking it America was too tired of my
pride now you're watching YouTube's most
desirable it's true
[Music]